feat(crons): Document broken monitors feature (#15280)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/crons/troubleshooting.mdx

<Expandable title="Why Was My Monitor Environment Marked As Broken or Automatically Muted?">

> If your monitor environment has been consistently broken for 14 days or more (with only missed, timeout, or failed check-ins), we will automatically mark it as broken and notify you of this escalated failure state via email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your monitor environment has been consistently broken for 14 days or more (with only missed, timed out, or failed check-ins), we will automatically mark it as broken and notify you of this escalated failure state via email.
```
